c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\bin\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.exe.config
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\bin\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.exe
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\bin\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.pdb
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.exe
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.pdb
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmAnaSayfa.resources
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmCamiler.resources
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmHarita.resources
c:\users\mostar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmKamera.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmMetro.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmMetrobus.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmNeAlınır.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmNeYenir.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmKopruler.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmMüzeler.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmKorular.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmCarsilar.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmAvm.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmAdalar.resources
C:\Users\Mostar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL\obj\Debug\MuratYücedagMİNİSTANBULL.FrmFotograf.resources
